now some bakeries have reopened in
Northern Gaza and have started selling
small amounts of bread the Israeli Army
has destroyed bakeries right across Gaza
and has prevented the entry of flour and
other basic Goods as Palestinians
struggle with forc starvation let's get
more on this with mu alah he joins us
from jabalia so the opening of a a small
number of bakeries is that having an
impact on the availability and and price
of bread
yes Sami the uh the north of Gaza
markets is witnessing a lot recovery
after the entering of a view amount of
Flor and food and also supplies to the
north of Gaza through arid Street and
finally you can see flaw in the markets
finally you can see food and tomato or
potatoes in the markets sellers have
something to offer for after more than
half a year of being closed and markets
are destroyed
so sellers here are offering uh some
food and
supplies after a long time of closing
despite the the expensive of these
products but
still uh the uh pric is getting down
every day every day is the prices is
getting down so the prices of today is
cheaper than the yesterday when it comes
to flaw floor is
finally offered in the markets and there
is one only a bakery in north of Gaza
and Gaza City which is Cal or camel Cal
a bakery in the in the Gaza City that to
provide
uh bread for the people and if you want
to buy these bread these three kilos of
bread for five shakles you
would wait for a very long
line in in the bakery there so uh these
trucks and these floor that arriving to
the north the to the north of Gaza is
elevating the the problem and the
humanitarian crisis but still not
solving it so people who are are here
are asking for more trucks asking for
not killing the coordinators between
the Traders and the other side in the
South people are asking for not
pumping here and
there
okay in general they are asking for Seas
fire all right thank you so much
make sure to subscribe to our channel to
get the latest news from Al jazer